Bluetooth: ascs: Add dynamic ASE registration (#76632)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.0.rst

  This needs to be added to all instances of VCP Volume Renderer callback functions defined.
  (:github:`76992`)

* The Unicast Server has a new registration function :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` which
  takes a :code:`struct bt_bap_unicast_server_register_param` as argument. This allows the Unicast
  Server to dynamically register Source and Sink ASE count at runtime. The old

>   :code:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and :code:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SNK_COUNT` has been renamed to

Reviewer: Suggest to also add the new names of `CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and `CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SNK_COUNT` here.

When we refer to Kconfig options we usually use

```
:kconfig:option:
```
instead of 
```
:code:
```

  reflect that they now serve as a compile-time maximum configuration of ASEs to be used.
  :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` needs to be called once before using the Unicast Server,
  and more specfically prior to calling :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register_cb` for the first
  time. It does not need to be called again until the new function
  :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_unregister` has been called.

>   (:github:`e5fa2`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (:github:`76632`)
```

Author: Why?
Actually its says 'b186720ea92d597603b957edb69809b07f2d622f' upstream for this commit

Reviewer: It the PR number, not commit SHA :)

  This needs to be added to all instances of VCP Volume Renderer callback functions defined.
  (:github:`76992`)

> * The Unicast Server has a new registration function :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` which
>   takes a :code:`struct bt_bap_unicast_server_register_param` as argument. This allows the Unicast
>   Server to dynamically register Source and Sink ASE count at runtime. The old
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SNK_COUNT`
>   has been renamed to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_MAX_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and
>   :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_MAX_ASE_SNK_COUNT` to reflect that they now serve as a
>   compile-time maximum configuration of ASEs to be used.
>   :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` needs to be called once before using the Unicast Server,
>   and more specfically prior to calling :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register_cb` for the first
>   time. It does not need to be called again until the new function
>   :code:`bt_bap_unicast_server_unregister` has been called.
>   (:github:`76632`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Unicast Server has a new registration function :c:func:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` which
  takes a :c:struct:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register_param` as argument. This allows the Unicast
  Server to dynamically register Source and Sink ASE count at runtime. The old
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_ASE_SNK_COUNT`
  has been renamed to :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_MAX_ASE_SRC_COUNT` and
  :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ASCS_MAX_ASE_SNK_COUNT` to reflect that they now serve as a
  compile-time maximum configuration of ASEs to be used.
  :c:func:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register` needs to be called once before using the Unicast Server,
  and more specfically prior to calling :c:func:`bt_bap_unicast_server_register_cb` for the first
  time. It does not need to be called again until the new function
  :c:func:`bt_bap_unicast_server_unregister` has been called.
  (:github:`76632`)
```

Author: I don't mind making these changes - however, it is not consistent with the entry in the migration guide above this one, the one referring to The Volume Renderer. But you are saying we prefer the changes you propose here anyway?

Reviewer: Yes, we should use the `func`/`struct` for the purpose of references :)
